 SSSSS  PPPPP    A    CCCCC  EEEEE  DDDD              OOO   U   U  TTTTT
 S      P   P   A A   C      E      D   D            O   O  U   U    T 
 SSSSS  PPPPP  AAAAA  C      EEEE   D   D            O   O  U   U    T
     S  P      A   A  C      E      D   D            O   O  U   U    T
 SSSSS  P      A   A  CCCCC  EEEEE  DDDD              OOO   UUUUU    T
________________________________________________________________________ 
 
-----------------------
COMPUTER VERSION HELPS: 
-----------------------
Left-click the draw pile to clone.
Left-click and drag to a play pile to play a card.
Right-click and drag to a play pile to clone.


                             --------------
                            | INSTRUCTIONS |
                             --------------

     After reading the rules, refer to the section entitled "Questions &
Answers" for further help in learning to play.
	
-------------------
OBJECT OF THE GAME:
-------------------
     The object of the game is to play successfully the cards in your 
hands - scoring as FEW POINTS as possible.  (This may or may not be done
by being the first player to play his last card.)

--------------
THE CHALLENGE:
--------------
     The challenge of the game is to (1) make your opponents accumulate 
additional cards and possible points by playing "attack" cards on them, 
(2) protect yourself from attack through proper use of "defensive" or 
"attack" cards, and (3) take advantage of opportunities to play 
additional cards in "Clone" situations using steady concentration and 
quick reflexes.

--------------
PLAYING CARDS:
--------------
     The game consists of a deck of 108 cards: 80 numbered cards in four 
different colors, 22 "attack" cards, and 6 "defensive" cards.

------------
PREPERATION:
------------
     A designated dealer shuffles and deals 6 CARDS (one at a time face 
down) to each player.  (Players may hold and look at their cards.)
     The remaining cards are placed face down in the center of the 
playing area.  This is the DRAW PILE.  When ready to play, the dealer 
draws the TWO top cards from the draw pile and places them face up - one 
on each side of the draw pile.  These are the PLAYING PILES.
     (NOTE: If either of these two cards is a "BIG BANG" or "Wild Card", 
it should be reshuffled back into the deck and replaced from the top of 
the deck.)

--------------
ORDER OF PLAY:
--------------
     The player to the dealer's left plays first.  Subsequent players 
are those sitting clockwise around the playing area.

--------------
PLAYING PILES:
--------------
     There are TWO PLAYING PILES, one on each side of the draw pile.  
The first player of each hand plays on either pile he chooses, and that 
pile immediately becomes the "LIVE PILE".  The other pile becomes the 
"DEAD PILE".
     A player may PLAY ON EITHER PILE during the game.  There are THREE 
WAYS to play on the "LIVE PILE", whereas there are only TWO WAYS to play 
on the "DEAD PILE".  (see THE PLAY.)
     When a player does play on the "dead pile", it immediately becomes 
the "live pile" and the other, the "dead pile".  (This change may occur 
several times during a hand.)

---------
THE PLAY:
---------
     A player is able to play the cards from his hand on the "LIVE PILE" 
by one of THREE WAYS:
     1.  by matching the "COLOR" of the card that is face up on the 
         "live pile", OR
     2.  by matching the "DESIGN" of the card that is face up on the 
         "live pile", OR
     3.  by playing a "WILD CARD".
     
     EXAMPLE #1
     If the card facing up on the "live pile" is a "RED-5", then a
     player can play ANY card that is "RED", OR a "5" of any color,
     OR a "Wild Card" on top of the "live pile."
     
     A player is able to play the cards from his hand on the "DEAD PILE" 
by one of TWO WAYS:
     1.  by matching the "DESIGN" of the card that is face up on the 
         "dead pile" OR
     2.  by playing a "WILD CARD".

     EXAMPLE #2
     If the card facing up on the "dead pile" is a "GREEN-9", THEN
     A PLAYER CAN PLAY A "9" of any color, OR a "Wild Card" on top
     of the "dead pile". He CANNOT simply play another green card,
     UNLESS it is a "9".
     
----------------
A PLAYER'S TURN:
----------------
     A player takes his turn either by "playing a card" OR "drawing a 
card".  If he can play a card, his turn is ended when that card is 
played.  If he is unable to play a card, OR CHOOSES NOT TO PLAY, he 
draws a card, and his turn is ended.
     If a player is UNDER ATTACK, he may be required to DRAW MORE THAN 
ONE CARD to end his turn.
    Although a player may play only one card on each turn, it is 
possible for him to earn several EXTRA TURNS in a row by "Cloning" 
and/or playing "Black Hole" cards.

-------------
NUMBER CARDS:
-------------
     For clarification purposes, a "Number Card" includes cards "1" 
THROUGH "10".
     Although "attack cards" and "defensive cards" also have numbers in 
the upper left hand corners of the cards, they should not be confused 
with "number cards".  The numbers on the attack and defensive cards are 
for scoring ONLY, and NOT for matching during the play of the game.

--------
CLONING:
--------
     "CLONING" IS A VERY IMPORTANT PART OF THE GAME!  Using it 
effectively gives the game its "FAST-ACTION" pace and enables a player 
to OUTMANEUVER his opponents.
     Whenever a player is holding a "NUMBER CARD" (1 - 10) in his hand 
that is an EXACT DUPLICATE (same "color" and same "number") of another 
"number" card that is face up on either the "live pile" OR the "dead 
pile", then that card is playable as a "Clone".
     A player may play a "Clone" at anytime, even OUT OF TURN, EXCEPT 
when an attack, counterattack, or someone's extra turn is in progress.  
To give everyone an equal chance, "Cloning" does not start until after 
the first card of each hand has been played.
     REMEMBER, "Clones" may be played on "numbered" cards ONLY!  (cards 
"1" through "10").
     When PLAYING A "CLONE", a player lays down his numbered card on top 
of the duplicate numbered card and YELLS, "CLONE"!  Upon doing so, he 
earns an EXTRA TURN.  As in normal play, he must then either play 
another card, or draw a card to end his turn.  The play then continues 
in its previous direction, with the person sitting next to the player 
who cloned playing next.  Since a player may clone out of turn and thus 
earn an extra turn for doing so, the cloning process will OFTEN CAUSE 
OTHER PLAYERS TO LOSE THEIR TURNS.
     A player may clone either the "live pile" or the "dead pile".  
However, if two players each "Clone" different piles at the same time, 
then the player who "Cloned" the "live pile" earns the extra turn, and 
the other player must take his card back (often just temporarily, until 
the other player's turn is completed).
     When playing several cards in a row, as often happens when 
"Cloning", a player should PLAY EACH CARD SEPARATELY (one at a time) to 
give others an equal chance to play.
     A player may lose his chance to "Clone", if another player takes 
his turn before he can set his card down on the pile he desires to 
"Clone".

     EXAMPLE #3
     Imagine five players. Player #1 plays a "BLUE-6".  Player #2
     starts to play, but Player #4 beats him to it by playing 
     another "BLUE-6" and yelling "Clone". Player #4 then plays
     a "BLUE-10". Player #5 plays next.

-------------
ATTACK CARDS:
-------------
     There are SIX different KINDS of "attack" cards.  They include: 
Asteroids, Shooting Star, Wild Shooting Star, Black Hole, Wild Black 
Hole, and BIG BANG.  These cards are played at opportune times, causing 
opponents to draw additional cards or lose their turns.
     Attack cards are PLAYED THE SAME as other cards (e.g. MATCHING 
COLOR OR DESIGN).

----------------
DEFENSIVE CARDS:
----------------
     The TWO KINDS of defensive cards are "Force Field" and "Super Force 
Field".  Whenever one of these fields in played, whether under attack or 
not, the DIRECTION OF PLAY IS REVERSED.

-------------
UNDER ATTACK:
-------------
     When under attack, a player must RESPOND in one of THREE WAYS:
     1.  play an ATTACK card of the "SAME DESIGN" (any color) and pass 
         the attack on to another player, OR
     2.  play a "FORCE FIELD" (of the same color as the attack card) or 
         a "Super Force Field" and pass the attack back to the player 
         who attacked him, OR
     3.  DRAW the appropriate number of cards to end the attack.

     NOTE: see the specific type of attack for the specific rules.

----------
ASTEROIDS:
----------
     When an "Asteroids" card is played, then the NEXT PLAYER, in 
direction of play, is required to DRAW TWO CARDS from the "draw pile" 
for his turn, unless he can successfully defend himself.  There are TWO 
WAYS a player can DEFEND himself against an attack by an "Asteroids" 
card: (1) by playing another "ASTEROIDS" CARD, or (2) by playing a 
"FORCE FIELD" card (of the same color) or "Super Force Field" card.
     IF the defending player plays ANOTHER "ASTEROIDS" CARD, then not 
only is the ATTACK PASSED ON to the next player in direction of play, 
but also the NUMBER OF CARDS REQUIRED TO BE DRAWN IS ACCUMULATED.  That 
player must then defend himself or draw FOUR cards from the "draw pile". 
 (Since there are eight "Asteroids" cards in the deck, if enough 
"Asteroids" cards are played consecutively, the attack can be built up 
to a point, that an unlucky player at the end will be forced to draw as 
many as 16 cards!)

     EXAMPLE #4
     Imagine five players. Player #1 plays a "RED-6". Player #2
     plays a "RED-ASTEROIDS". Player #3 plays a "BLUE-ASTEROIDS".
     Player #4 picks up four cards. Player #5 plays a "BLUE-7".

     IF the defending player plays a "FORCE FIELD" card (after one or 
more "asteroids" cards have been played), then the ATTACK (and direction 
of play) is PASSED BACK to the player who had just played the PREVIOUS 
CARD.  That player must then either defend himself (with another "Force 
Field" of any color) or draw the appropriate number of cards from the 
"draw pile".

     EXAMPLE #5
     Same five players. Player #1 plays a "BLUE-3". Player #2
     plays a "BLUE-ASTEROIDS". Player #3 plays a "YELLOW-
     ASTEROIDS". Player #4 plays a "GREEN-ASTEROIDS". Player #5
     plays a "GREEN-FORCE FIELD". Player #4 plays a "RED-FORCE
     FIELD". Player #5 plays a "BLUE-FORCE FIELD". Player #4 
     picks up six cards. Player #3 plays next.

---------------
SHOOTING STARS:
---------------
     The rules for a "Shooting Star" card are the SAME as those for an 
"Asteroids" card, EXCEPT that instead of attacking the next player in 
direction of play, it "shoots over" that player (skips him) and ATTACKS 
THE PLAYER TWO POSITIONS AWAY from the person who played the attack 
card.
     When a "Shooting Star" card is played, then the player two 
positions away, in direction of play, is required to DRAW TWO CARDS from 
the "draw pile" for his turn, unless he can successfully defend himself. 
 There are TWO WAYS a player can DEFEND himself against an attack by a 
"Shooting Star" card: (1) by playing another "SHOOTING STAR" CARD, or 
(2) by playing a "FORCE FIELD" (of the same color) or "Super Force 
Field" card.
     IF the defending player plays ANOTHER "SHOOTING STAR" CARD, then 
not only is the ATTACK PASSED ON to the player two positions away in 
direction of play, but also the NUMBER OF CARDS REQUIRED TO BE DRAWN IS 
ACCUMULATED.  That player must then defend himself or draw FOUR cards 
from the draw pile.  (Since there are six "Shooting Star" cards in the 
deck, if enough "Shooting Star" cards are played consecutively, the 
attack can be built up to a point, than an unlucky player at the end 
will be forced to draw as many as 12 cards!)

     EXAMPLE #6
     Imagine five players. Player #1 plays a "YELLOW-10".
     Player #2 plays a "YELLOW-SHOOTING STAR". Player #4 picks
     up two cards. Player #5 plays a "YELLOW-5".

     IF the defending player plays a "FORCE FIELD" card, then the ATTACK 
(and the direction of play) is PASSED BACK to the player who had just 
played the previous card.  That player must then either defend himself 
(with another "Force Field" of any color) or draw the appropriate number 
of cards from the "draw pile".
     A "SHOOTING STAR" MAY BE PLAYED ON TOP OF A "WILD SHOOTING STAR".
     There is NO DIFFERENCE in playing a "Shooting Star" card and a 
"Wild Shooting Star" card, EXCEPT that a "Wild Shooting Star" has all 
FOUR COLORS and can be played on either the "live pile" or the "dead 
pile" without regard to color.

     EXAMPLE #7
     Same five players. Player #1 plays a "GREEN-8". Player #2
     plays a "GREEN-SHOOTING STAR". Player #4 plays a "WILD
     SHOOTING STAR" and calls the color "BLUE". Player #1 plays
     a "RED-SHOOTING STAR". Player #3 plays a "RED-FORCE FIELD".
     Player #1 picks up six cards. Player #5 plays next.

     (NOTE: If only TWO PEOPLE are playing, a "Shooting Star" card 
attacks the opponent.)

--------------
DRAWING CARDS:
--------------
     When drawing more than one card (due to an attack), a player should 
draw the cards ONE AT A TIME, so other players will know when he has 
drawn the appropriate number of cards.  Players should wait until a 
player had drawn his final card BEFORE resuming play.

-----------------
ENDING AN ATTACK:
-----------------
     AFTER a player has DRAWN the required number of CARDS due to an 
attack, the attack is ended.  The next player, in direction of play, 
continues as per regular rules.  The "live pile" remains live.

------------
BLACK HOLES:
------------
     A "Black Hole" SKIPS ALL OPPONENTS by passing over them.  
Therefore, when a player plays a "Black Hole" card, all of his opponents 
lose their turns, and it is HIS TURN AGAIN.  As in normal play, he must 
then either PLAY another card, OR DRAW a card to end his turn.

     EXAMPLE #8
     Imagine five players. Player #1 plays a "RED-9". Player #2
     plays a "RED-BLACK HOLE". Player #2 plays a "BLUE-BLACK
     HOLE". Player #2 plays a "BLUE-7". Player #3 plays next.

-------------
FORCE FIELDS:
-------------
     A "Force Field" is a defensive card.  When it is played, it not 
only REVERSES AN ATTACK, but also reverses the DIRECTION OF PLAY from 
clockwise to counterclockwise (or vice versa).
     "Force Fields" can reverse attacks from "Asteroids" and "Shooting 
Stars" when the COLORS are the SAME.
     It is NOT NECESSARY TO BE UNDER ATTACK in order to play a "Force 
Field" card; it can also be played simply to reverse the direction of 
play.
     A "Force Field" can be played on another "Force Field" of any 
color.  If an attack is reversed by a "Force Field", the attack CANNOT 
BE CONTINUED BY ANOTHER "ATTACK" CARD, BUT it can be reversed again by 
another "Force Field" (or "Super Force Field"), and so on.  (see SUPER 
FORCE FIELD.)
     A "FORCE FIELD" CAN BE PLAYED ON A "SUPER FORCE FIELD", EXCEPT in 
the case of a "BIG BANG" attack.  (see BIG BANG.)

     EXAMPLE #9
     Imagine five players. Player #1 plays a "GREEN-4". Player
     #2 plays a "GREEN-FORCE FIELD". Player #1 plays a "GREEN-
     ASTEROIDS". Player #5 plays a "BLUE-ASTEROIDS". Player #4
     plays a "BLUE-FORCE FIELD". Player #5 plays a "SUPER FORCE
     FIELD" and calls the color "yellow". Player #4 plays a
     "RED-FORCE FIELD". (He didn't match the color "yellow",
     but matched the "design" instead!) Player #5 picks up four
     cards. Player #1 plays next.

---------
BIG BANG:
---------
     This card is the most difficult card to play!  The ONLY TIME a "BIG 
BANG" card can be played is when the COLORS of the TWO PILES (the "live 
pile" and the "dead pile") MATCH the two colors on the "BIG BANG" card 
to be played.
     There are only two "BIG BANG" cards in a deck.  One is RED & BLUE 
and the other is GREEN & YELLOW.
     A "BIG BANG" CAN BE PLAYED OUT OF TURN. (Besides "cloning", this is 
the only card in the deck that can be played out of turn!)  A "BIG BANG" 
CANNOT BE PLAYED, however, WHEN the player is under attack, OR when any 
other player is under attack, counterattack, or taking an extra turn 
(e.g. after cloning or playing a "black hole").
     When playing a "BIG BANG", the player YELLS "BIG BANG" at the same 
time he lays down the card.  (The "BIG BANG" is ALWAYS PLAYED ON THE 
"LIVE PILE", which retains its color!)
     When a player plays a "BIG BANG", ALL the other players must DRAW 
THREE CARDS EACH, in DIRECTION OF PLAY!!  After all have drawn, it is 
the ATTACKER'S TURN AGAIN.  It is possible, however, for a player to 
protect himself from attack by a "BIG BANG".  (see "SUPER FORCE 
FIELDS".)

     EXAMPLE #10
     Imagine five players. On the "live pile" is a "RED-3". On
     the "dead pile" is a "YELLOW-ASTEROIDS". Player #1 plays a
     "GREEN-3". Player #2 plays a "GREEN & YELLOW - BIG BANG"
     (and yells "BIG BANG"). Player #3 picks up three cards.
     Player #4 picks up three cards. Player #5 picks up three
     cards. Player #1 picks up three cards. Player #2 plays a 
     "GREEN-6".

     (NOTE: A "BIG BANG" CANNOT BE PLAYED ON TOP OF ANOTHER "BIG BANG".)

-------------------
SUPER FORCE FIELDS:
-------------------
     "Super Force Fields" are the most powerful cards.  They can REVERSE 
ALL ATTACK CARDS, including other "Force Fields".  A "Super Force Field" 
is the ONLY card that can defend against a "BIG BANG".
     A "Super Force Field" is the one card in the deck that can ALWAYS 
BE PLAYED on a player's turn, without exception!
     If a player has a "Super Force Field" card in his hand at the time 
that a "BIG BANG" card is played, then instead of picking up three cards 
on his turn, he may play the "Super Force Field" card on top of the "BIG 
BANG" card, which reverses the attack back to the player who played the 
"BIG BANG" card, and that player must pick up three cards instead.
     If, however, that player, or ANOTHER PLAYER, ALSO HAS A "SUPER 
FORCE FIELD" card in his hand at the time the "BIG BANG" card is played, 
then that player may play the "Super Force Field" card to protect 
himself instead.  If this happens, then only the player playing the LAST 
"Super Force Field" CARD would be PROTECTED.
     After all the other players have drawn the required three cards, 
then it is the TURN of the player who finally won out in the "BIG BANG" 
conflict (the ONE player who did not have to draw the three cards).

     EXAMPLE #11
     Imagine five players. On the "live pile" is a "YELLOW-6".
     On the "dead pile" is a "RED-10". Player #1 plays a "BLUE-
     6" on the "live pile". Player #2 begins to play, but
     player #4 beats him to it and plays a "RED & BLUE - BIG 
     BANG" on the "live pile", yelling "BIG BANG". Player #5
     picks up three cards. Player #1 picks up three cards. 
     Player #2 plays a "SUPER FORCE FIELD" and calls the color
     "yellow". Player #4 picks up three cards. Player #3 plays a
     "SUPER FORCE FIELD" and calls the color "green". Player #2
     picks up three cards. Player #3 plays next, then player 
     #4.

     A "FORCE FIELD" CANNOT BE PLAYED ON A "SUPER FORCE FIELD" IN A "BIG 
BANG" CONFLICT.

-----------
WILD CARDS:
-----------
     There are SIX "WILD" CARDS: two "Wild Shooting Stars", two "Wild 
Black Holes", and two "Super Force Fields".  These cards are "Wild" 
because they have all FOUR COLORS on them and can be played on any of 
the four colors.
     These cards may be played on EITHER THE "LIVE PILE" OR THE "DEAD 
PILE" on top of practically any card, on a player's turn.  (The 
exception would be that when a player is under attack, he must follow 
the rules for defense of that attack; for example, a player CANNOT play 
a "Wild Shooting Star" in response to an "Asteroids" card.)
     When playing a "Wild" card, the player then CHOOSES WHICH COLOR he 
desires the pile to be.  Once the color is chosen, the "Wild" card is 
treated as if it were that color.
     FOR EXAMPLE: If a "Wild Black Hole" card is played and designated 
as "green", then the cards that can be played on top of it are the same 
cards that could be played on top of a green "Black Hole": any "green" 
card, another "Black Hole", or a "Wild" card.

----------
LAST CARD:
----------
     While playing, each player should hold his cards in sight, so other 
players can see how many cards he has left. When a player plays his LAST 
CARD, he should YELL "SPACED OUT" to let everyone know that the hand is 
over.

------------
END OF HAND:
------------
     A hand is over when one player has played the LAST CARD in his 
hand.  Even if a player's last card is a "clone", "attack card", or 
"defensive card" in response to an attack, the attack is VOID, and the 
HAND IS OVER.

--------
SCORING:
--------
     The player who plays the last card in each hand receives, as his 
score, the point values of each of the TOP CARDS FACING UP on the "live 
pile" and the "dead pile" at the end of play.
     (This adds strategy to the game; a player may choose not to play 
his last card, even though it is playable, if the point values would be 
too high.  If he chooses not to play, he simply draws a card to end his 
turn.)
     EACH of the OTHER PLAYERS receives, as his score, the total POINT 
VALUES of the cards left in his HAND.

-------------
POINT VALUES:
-------------
     The point value of each card is the number in the UPPER LEFT HAND 
CORNER of the card. (The point value of a number card is the same value 
as the number itself.)

-----------------
WINNING THE GAME:
-----------------
     Add up each player's individual score at the end of each hand.  
When a player's total score reaches or exceeds 500 POINTS, THE GAME IS 
ENDED.  The player with the LOWEST SCORE is the WINNER.


                         ---------------------
                        | QUESTIONS & ANSWERS |
                         ---------------------

1.  Q. Must I play a card if able to do so?
    A. No. You can always draw a card for your turn, if you choose to do 
       so.

2.  Q. Are there certain cards that I must play before playing a "Wild 
       Card"?
    A. No. You can choose to hold some cards or play them, depending on 
       your strategy. You may also play your cards in any order you 
       choose, as long as they are played according to the rules.

3.  Q. I can't play, so I draw a card and find that the card I just drew 
       is playable. Can I then immediately play that card?
    A. No. Your turn is ended when you draw a card. The only exceptions 
       would be if the card drawn is a "BIG BANG" or a number card 
       playable as a "clone", since these cards may be played out of 
       turn.

4.  Q. Must I wait until I am unable to play on the "live pile" before 
       playing on the "dead pile"?
    A. No. If you hold cards which can be played on either pile, you may 
       choose which card and which pile to play on, as long as you play 
       according to the rules.

5.  Q. Can "Asteroids" be "Cloned"?
    A. No. You can only "Clone" cards 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 & 10. They must 
       be the same number AND the same color.

6.  Q. Can I "Clone" out of turn?
    A. YES! You may "Clone" out of turn as long as no attack, 
       counterattack, or a player's extra turn is in progress.

7.  Q. What is an extra turn?
    A. When a player plays a "Clone" or a "Black Hole", he gets another 
       turn. No other player may play until that player takes his extra 
       turn--either by playing another card or drawing a card.

8.  Q. I yell "Clone", but another player takes his turn before I can 
       get my card down on that playing pile. What happens?
    A. You are out of luck and missed your opportunity to "Clone" that 
       card. You must get you card down first. You should also yell 
       "Clone" at the same time the card is played, NOT before.

9.  Q. On what kind of card can I play a "GREEN-BLACK HOLE"?
    A. Any other Black Hole, or any green card, as long as you are not 
       under attack.

10. Q. The player just before me drew two cards because he was attacked 
       by a "BLUE-ASTEROIDS". Now what can I play?
    A. Any blue card, OR any color "Asteroids", OR the same design of 
       card that is on the "dead pile" OR a "Wild Card". After the 
       player draws two cards, the attack is ended, and the 
       "BLUE-ASTEROIDS" should be treated as any other blue card.

11. Q. Can I play a "Shooting Star" on top of an "Asteroids"?
    A. If you are under attack, NO! If you are NOT UNDER ATTACK, the 
       YES, IF they are the same color.

12. Q. Can I play a "BLUE-FORCE FIELD" on a "RED-SHOOTING STAR"?
    A. No! Since the designs are different, then the colors must be the 
       same.

13. Q. Can I play a "RED-FORCE FIELD" on a "BLUE-FORCE FIELD"?
    A. YES! Since the designs are the same, the colors may be different.

14. Q. Can I play a "BIG BANG" when under attack?
    A. No. If under attack, you must answer that attack according to the 
       rules.

15. Q. Can I play a "BIG BANG" out of turn?
    A. YES, as long as no player is under attack, counterattack, or 
       taking an extra turn.

16. Q. When drawing three cards due to a "BIG BANG" attack, I drew a 
       "SUPER FORCE FIELD. Can I then play that card to protect myself 
       from the "BIG BANG" attack?
    A. No. In order to be protected from a "BIG BANG" attack by a "SUPER 
       FORCE FIELD", the card must be in your hand at the time the "BIG 
       BANG" is played.

17. Q. Is a "SUPER FORCE FIELD" a wild card?
    A. Yes. Even though the word "wild" is not on the card, it is a 
       "Wild Card" because it has all four colors on it.

18. Q. If I am attacked by a "BIG BANG", but have a "SUPER FORCE FIELD" 
       in my hand, when should I play it?
    A. Wait until it is your turn to draw three cards. Then, instead of 
       drawing the three cards, play the "SUPER FORCE FIELD".

19. Q. If I play a "SUPER FORCE FIELD" instead of picking up three cards 
       in a "BIG BANG" attack, whose turn is it next to pick up three 
       cards?
    A. The player who played the last card before you. If yours is the 
       first "SUPER FORCE FIELD" to be played, then it will be the 
       player who played the "BIG BANG". If yours is the second "SUPER 
       FORCE FIELD" to be played, then it will be the player who played 
       the first "SUPER FORCE FIELD".

20. Q. Whose turn is it after a "BIG BANG" attack?
    A. If no "SUPER FORCE FIELDS" have been played, then it is the 
       player's turn who played the "BIG BANG". If one or more "SUPER 
       FORCE FIELDS" have been played, then it is the player's turn who 
       played the "SUPER FORCE FIELD" last. It is the player who finally 
       won out in the "BIG BANG" attack; the one who did NOT pick up 
       three cards. All other players should have picked up three cards.

21. Q. What happens when the "draw pile" runs out of cards?
    A. Except for the two top cards, which remain in place, the cards in 
       the playing piles are reshuffled to form a new draw pile.




